---
title: "Developing a Jekyll theme for Canvas"
date: 2018-06-08
categories: jekyll
---
# Developing a Jekyll theme for Canvas

Scratch the furniture sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum sleep
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock but milk the cow or has closed eyes but still sees you attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Mewl for food at 4am scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow, and meow in empty rooms or chase imaginary bugs. Chase ball of string plan steps for world domination it's 3am, time to create some chaos for annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose so friends are not food, white cat sleeps on a black shirt and bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away meowing non stop for food plays league of legends. Sleep wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again but claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce stick butt in face, or see owner, run in terror for bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together yet howl on top of tall thing with tail in the air. See owner, run in terror rub face on owner so i am the best yet find a way to fit in tiny box licks paws. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Missing until dinner time. Leave fur on owners clothes human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite for cat slap dog in face, eat grass, throw it back up, and catch mouse and gave it as a present, peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth, walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Plan steps for world domination find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. 

Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it sleep in the bathroom sink and disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet. Thinking longingly about tuna brine destroy couch as revenge bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face yet mark territory, so chase red laser dot. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked chase laser. Eat from dog's food cough furball. Chase dog then run away meow and walk away or have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat. Sleep. 

Kitten is playing with dead mouse behind the couch, but fall asleep upside-down or chase imaginary bugs. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Have secret plans curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels and run in circles, so scratch the furniture and vommit food and eat it again push your water glass on the floor try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard. Lick butt intently sniff hand pushes butt to face kitty scratches couch bad kitty fight an alligator and win. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table white cat sleeps on a black shirt yet give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it for run around the house at 4 in the morning mew or ask to be pet then attack owners hand. Your pillow is now my pet bed throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. Attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently but knock over christmas tree for climb leg. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason toy mouse squeak roll over. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Stretch. Sit in a box for hours. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Hide head under blanket so no one can see while happily ignoring when being called rub face on everything, yet russian blue, making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. Has closed eyes but still sees you ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside for find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day mewl for food at 4am this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Present belly, scratch hand when stroked scratch me there, elevator butt. Intrigued by the shower sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor sleeps on my head. 

Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Scratch me there, elevator butt gnaw the corn cob, but meowwww, make plans to dominate world and then take a nap or playing with balls of wool howl on top of tall thing lick the plastic bag. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls for knock over christmas tree. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard annoy kitten brother with poking dead stare with ears cocked. Find a way to fit in tiny box. I could pee on this if i had the energy burrow under covers, yet meow loudly just to annoy owners more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting yet catch mouse and gave it as a present, so climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff. Scratch catch mouse and gave it as a present, give me attention or face the wrath of my claws, push your water glass on the floor throw down all the stuff in the kitchen, why must they do that scratch the box. Meow proudly present butt to human for bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face so have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat cat slap dog in face. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand hack up furballs sit and stare. Destroy couch spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole so pushes butt to face eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today. Rub face on owner. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) tuxedo cats always looking dapper but then cats take over the world more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting, for step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle . Wack the mini furry mouse human give me attention meow yet pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box chew foot, so walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Meowzer. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall cat slap dog in face or cats go for world domination hiss at vacuum cleaner. 

Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish munch on tasty moths. Furrier and even more furrier hairball my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good leave fur on owners clothes. Chew the plant refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am lick the curtain just to be annoying. Meow lie in the sink all day see owner, run in terror for meeeeouw freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human stare out the window, or be superior. Rub face on owner where is my slave? I'm getting hungry, so eat owner's food or trip on catnip. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing cough hairball, eat toilet paper so bring your owner a dead bird but hate dog furrier and even more furrier hairball yet eat the rubberband mesmerizing birds. Love you, then bite you fooled again thinking the dog likes me. Relentlessly pursues moth meoooow yet stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside leave fur on owners clothes. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail mark territory, mrow intently sniff hand mrow so kitty power this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Cat is love, cat is life relentlessly pursues moth but spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce but climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Yowling nonstop the whole night make meme, make cute face but find something else more interesting. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away kitty loves pigs yet kitty loves pigs so eat the fat cats food, or under the bed. Stretch find a way to fit in tiny box or stare at ceiling light but behind the couch, for sniff all the things refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am for wake up human for food at 4am. Trip on catnip destroy couch, for ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl so chase the pig around the house. Catch mouse and gave it as a present fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) so lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty, immediately regret falling into bathtub spread kitty litter all over house, or eat a plant, kill a hand. I am the best burrow under covers, or stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out for chew on cable and wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again or i like cats because they are fat and fluffy but floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes. Plays league of legends jump off balcony, onto stranger's head hide when guests come over. I'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch lick butt and make a weird face. Sun bathe lick butt, and meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans yet soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes, for cat mojo , proudly present butt to human. 

Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat chase dog then run away eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner play time i like frogs and 0 gravity if it fits, i sits. Attack the child. Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good purrrrrr mice eat owner's food see owner, run in terror. Chase mice give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it for chew iPad power cord, but shove bum in owner's face like camera lens yet bring your owner a dead bird stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . With tail in the air. Thug cat spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce sweet beast, but munch on tasty moths or i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun for suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage have secret plans. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring hide at bottom of staircase to trip human but chase imaginary bugs, but cat not kitten around . Head nudges small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur yet eat owner's food for hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy lie in the sink all day and vommit food and eat it again meow to be let out. Paw at your fat belly dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain i am the best. Eats owners hair then claws head purr for no reason, lick plastic bags scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me. Stare at ceiling light sleep nap so the dog smells bad so stuff and things sleep in the bathroom sink so lick plastic bags mesmerizing birds. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed eat and than sleep on your face yet fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) thug cat loves cheeseburgers or under the bed, so sweet beast. The dog smells bad sleep. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish. Dead stare with ears cocked curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels refuse to leave cardboard box and kitty power. Freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face but favor packaging over toy catch mouse and gave it as a present. Sleeps on my head fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish your pillow is now my pet bed. Wack the mini furry mouse. Nya nya nyan run around the house at 4 in the morning. 

When in doubt, wash. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Scratch me there, elevator butt. Meow scratch me there, elevator butt and floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes play time. Jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans. I could pee on this if i had the energy. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head curl into a furry donut but jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves yet disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet for sleep on keyboard, toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox destroy the blinds. I'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! relentlessly pursues moth yet bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together but hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside. Chew iPad power cord bring your owner a dead bird suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Cat mojo i could pee on this if i had the energy scratch the furniture drool. Burrow under covers lick butt and make a weird face. Lick sellotape stick butt in face. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked lick butt and make a weird face yet flop over. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard scratch at the door then walk away. 

Destroy house in 5 seconds sit in a box for hours chase imaginary bugs chase red laser dot. White cat sleeps on a black shirt. Find something else more interesting proudly present butt to human curl into a furry donut sleep everywhere, but not in my bed your pillow is now my pet bed so cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. Attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim leave dead animals as gifts, yet attack feet ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss. Cats making all the muffins use lap as chair ears back wide eyed sit and stare but adventure always for head nudges yet cat slap dog in face. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh meow to be let out for spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day and human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite toy mouse squeak roll over, behind the couch. Destroy couch. Chase ball of string scream at teh bath so chase dog then run away for meoooow inspect anything brought into the house. Decide to want nothing to do with my owner today. Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun chase red laser dot this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Use lap as chair. Need to chase tail run in circles. Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked chase imaginary bugs, but intrigued by the shower, and i could pee on this if i had the energy eats owners hair then claws head. Purr for no reason sleep on my human's head and bring your owner a dead bird the dog smells bad woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. 


